(rap metal music)
♪ Check ♪
♪ One, one, two ♪
♪ I came into this world as a reject ♪
♪ Look into these eyes ♪
♪ Then you'll see the size of the flames ♪
♪ Dwelling on the past, it's
burning out my brain, hot ♪
♪ Everyone that burns has
to learn from the pain ♪
♪ Hey, I think another day ♪
♪ My girlie ran away with my pay ♪
♪ My fellas came to play ♪
♪ Now she's stuck with
my homies that she, ooh ♪
♪ And I'm just a sucker
with a lump in my throat ♪
♪ Hey, like a chump ♪
♪ Hey, like a chump, hey ♪
♪ Should I be feelin' bad, no ♪
♪ Should I be feelin' good, no ♪
♪ It's kinda sad I'm the laughing
stock of the neighborhood ♪
♪ And you would think that
I'd be moving on, moving on ♪
♪ But I'm a sucker like I
said, in the head, not ♪
♪ And maybe she just made a mistake ♪
♪ And I should give her a break ♪
♪ My heart'll ache either way ♪
♪ Hey, what the hell,
what you want me to say ♪
♪ I won't lie that I can't deny ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your ♪
♪ Why did it take so long ♪
♪ Why did I wait so long, huh ♪
♪ To figure it out, but I did it ♪
♪ And I'm the only one underneath
the sun who didn't get it ♪
♪ I can't believe that I could
be deceived, but you were ♪
♪ By my so-called girl, but in reality ♪
♪ Had a hidden agenda ♪
♪ She put my tender heart in a blender ♪
♪ And still I surrendered ♪
♪ Hey, like a chump ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your ♪
♪ I'm only human ♪
♪ It's so easy for your friends
to give you their advice ♪
♪ They'll tell you just
let it go, just let it go ♪
♪ It's easier said than done ♪
♪ I appreciate you, I appreciate you ♪
♪ I appreciate you, I appreciate you but ♪
♪ Just leave me alone, leave me alone ♪
♪ Leave me alone, leave me alone ♪
♪ Just leave me alone ♪
♪ Nothing gonna change, you can go away ♪
♪ And I'm just gonna stay
here and always be the same ♪
♪ And nothing gonna change
'cause you can go away ♪
♪ And I'm just gonna stay
here and always be the same ♪
♪ And nothing gonna change
and you can go away ♪
♪ And I'm just gonna stay
here and always be the same ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ I did it all for the nookie, come on ♪
♪ The nookie, come on, so
you can take that cookie ♪
♪ And stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your, yeah ♪
♪ Stick it up your ♪
(crowd cheering)
Hey, what's going on?
We're just shooting a video.
- [Cop] We're not having that here today.
- Hey, we're shooting a video.
- We're not having that!
- Put you back in the car.
- All right, get in.
- Hey!
This a damn, hey!
- Come on, why don't you walk in there.
(car door slams)
(crowd shouting)
(siren wailing)